README.md, before:

# NFSv4.1/pNFS community

A simple NFSv4.1/pNFS community for testing and demonstration.

## Building

### Requirements

- Java 8
- Apache maven 3.3
- docker (optional)

## Running

### As stand-alone

```sh
java -jar chimera-nfs-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar oncrpcsvc.xml
```

where **oncrpcsvc.xml** is spring config file to start the server.

### As docker container

For a quick start, use provided **docker-compose.yml** file. As
pNFS DSes have to publish their IP addresses, add an .env file
with the IP address which have to be offered to the clients:

```property
# example .env file
LOCAL_ADDRESS=1.2.3.4
```

To start:
```sh
docker-compose up -d
```

or

```sh
docker-compose up --scale ds=<N> -d
```

As it's not possible for code inside the container to discover which IP address to use,
you have to adjust **LOCALADDRESS** environment variable.

The provided **docker-compose.yml** file comes with pre-configured zookeeper, kafka for
layout stats processing and hazelcast cache for MDS<->DS state validation.

to start **N** data servers. NOTICE: if number of data servers more than one (1)
and flexfiles layout is used then MDS will offer to write into two (2) DSes (mirroring).

## License

LGPL v2 or newer

Commit message:

src: use env variables to pass kafka and zookeeper connection infos

README.md, after:

# NFSv4.1/pNFS community

A simple NFSv4.1/pNFS community for testing and demonstration.

## Building

### Requirements

- Java 8
- Apache maven 3.3
- docker (optional)

## Running

The pNFS community requires apache zookeeper and apache kafka to run.
The location to the services can be configure through environment variables:

```sh
export KAFKA_BOOTSTRAP_SERVER=kafka:9092
export ZOOKEEPER_CONNECT=zk:2181
```

### As stand-alone

```sh
java -jar chimera-nfs-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar oncrpcsvc.xml
```

where **oncrpcsvc.xml** is spring config file to start the server.

### As docker container

For a quick start, use provided **docker-compose.yml** file. As
pNFS DSes have to publish their IP addresses, add an .env file
with the IP address which have to be offered to the clients:

```property
# example .env file
LOCAL_ADDRESS=1.2.3.4
```

To start:
```sh
docker-compose up -d
```

or

```sh
docker-compose up --scale ds=<N> -d
```

As it's not possible for code inside the container to discover which IP address to use,
you have to adjust **LOCALADDRESS** environment variable.

The provided **docker-compose.yml** file comes with pre-configured zookeeper, kafka for
layout stats processing and hazelcast cache for MDS<->DS state validation.

to start **N** data servers. NOTICE: if number of data servers more than one (1)
and flexfiles layout is used then MDS will offer to write into two (2) DSes (mirroring).

## License

LGPL v2 or newer
